Clarify noise order, add OCR and typographic noise (#1128)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/concept_models/vivarium_census_synthdata/concept_model.rst

.. note::

>   In the final version of the observers, following the noise functions, please have all data as strings. 

Reviewer: Is this for the observers, or for the output of pseudopeople?  Maybe it is the same thing.

Author: This is the output of pseudopeople. I think we are considering all of the in between datatypes as engineering decisions not specified by research team.

>   In the final version of the observers, following the noise functions, please have all data as strings. Age must be rounded to the nearest whole number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In the final version of the observers, following the noise functions, please have all data as strings. Age must be rounded down to a whole number before applying noise.
```

Alternatively, it might be clearer to add this note directly to the table row for age.

Author: This clarification helps, thanks!

#. **Column based noise:** errors in individual data entry, such as miswriting or incorrectly selecting responses 
#. **Row based noise:** errors in the inclusion or exclusion of entire rows of data, such as duplication or omission 

As there are multiple noise functions that will independently select 
data. Noise should be added in the order below. Note that not all 
noise functions apply to add data types, but this ordering should 
be able to be used for all data. 

#. "Borrowed" SSN (happens in simulation NOT noise functions)
#. Missing Data 
#. Omissions 
#. Duplications 
#. Incorrect Selection 
#. Copy from Within Household 
#. Month and day swaps (applies to dates only)
#. Zip Code Miswriting (applies to Zip Code only)
#. Age Miswriting (applies to age only)
#. Nicknames 
#. Fake names
#. Phonetic 
#. OCR 
#. Typographic 

> #. Numeric miswriting 

Reviewer 3: It seems like we would want numeric miswriting to happen before OCR or typographic noise, e.g. around the same stage that the zipcode miswriting or age miswriting happens. @SylLutze, is there a reason you put it last?

Author: I just assumed it didn't matter the order if it was also a type of noise applied to strings. I can move it to where age and zip are. Those are higher since I thought they required a different non-string datatype and therefore should go before OCR/typographic. I can just numeric there are well.

Reviewer 3: Maybe it's not a big deal, but just thinking about the data generation process in terms of how the data might actually get corrupted, it seems to me like OCR and typographic should always come last.

Author: Sure, makes sense. I swapped the order.
